Security Considerations: add HTML Editor Image Upload topic (#8116)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/Security Considerations/20 HTML Encoding/50 General Risk/00 General Risk.md

> Mitigating certain XSS risks cannot be achieved solely using component properties. Application logic and display methods play a critical role. If you pass user input to custom renderers, templates, or external scripts, this may allow XSS, regardless of property configurations. Address these risks with escaping characters, sanitization of user input, or implement a strict [Content Security Policy](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Security_Considerations/#Content_Security_Policy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain XSS risks cannot be mitigated solely through component properties. Application logic and rendering methods are equally critical. Passing user input to custom renderers, templates, or external scripts can still expose your application to XSS, regardless of property settings. To address these risks, use escape characters, sanitize user input, or enforce a strict [Content Security Policy](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Security_Considerations/#Content_Security_Policy).
```
